			     Tools Overview

Sgwr tools are sets of related components, usually collected into a group,
which perform some action in response to mouse events. Each tool type has
it's own unique properties but there are several properties common to most
tools.


1. Tool group. 
   Each sgwr drawing has a "tool-root" group where all tools should be
   placed.

2. Actions.
   A standard set of functions may be added to any tool to process mouse
   events. The function prototype is always (fn [obj ev] ...) where obj is
   the tool and ev is an instance of java.awt.event.MouseEvent. These
   functions are used only for their side effects and return values are
   ignored. The following actions are supported.

   drag-action - mouse is being dragged over the tool
   move-action - mouse is being moved over the tool
   enter-action - mouse has entered the tool
   exit-action - mouse has exited the tool
   press-action - mouse button was pressed while over the tool
   release-action - mouse button was released while over the tool
   click-action - mouse was clicked while over the tool

   As part of their functionality most tools perform some action in
   response to one or more of these events. In these cases the user
   supplied functions are automatically composed with the inbuilt
   functions. 


3. Geometry
   Several tools have the following constituent parts. 
   
   pad - A solid rectangle behind all other components.

   rim - An open rectangle immediately above the pad. 
         a) The pad and rim have the same size and shape
         b) To hide either pad or rim, set it's color to transparent
         c) The rim-radius parameter sets the corner radius for 
            rounded rectangle effect.
         d) A parameter called "gap" is often used to set the 
            amount of space between the tools internal structure and
            and the surrounding pad/rim.
         e) The rim has a :rollover attribute used to highlight the tool
            on mouse enter.

4. Available tools

A) Buttons - Static button may contain either text or icon

C) Radio Buttons - Mutually exclusive set of buttons, only a single radio
   button may be selected within a given group. Radio buttons are text only

D) Multistate Buttons - Buttons which may have several latching states.

  Multistate buttons are buttons which cycle through any number of states,
  they may contain either text or icons.

  There are two special case multistate buttons

  1) Checkboxes - text only
  2) Toggle Buttons - text or icon

E) Sliders. There are two slider types

  1) Single sliders
  2) Dual sliders with two slider "heads". Dual slides are used to set a
     value range.    
     
F) Fields - A field is a 2 Dimensional screen area used to set values
   on 2-axis simultaneously. Initially fields are empty, in order to be
   useful one or more "balls" must be added to a each field.

G) Balls - A ball is a point which is moved around a field. Any number of
   balls may be added to a field 

H) Rulers and Meshes. By default neither sliders nor fields have ruler
   lines.  Specialized constructors exist to create slider/fields
   together with associated ruler/mesh simultaneously.  
